[devdocs] update AST.md#CodeInfo (#43382)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/devdocs/ast.md

    Statement-level flags for each expression in the function. Many of these are reserved, but not yet implemented:

    * 0 = inbounds
    * 1 = inline
    * 2 = noinline
    * 3 = <reserved> strict-ieee (strictfp)
    * 4 = effect-free (may be deleted if unused)
    * 5-6 = <unused>

>     * 7 = <reserved> has out-of-band info

Reviewer: ```julia
    * 0x01 << 0 = statement is marked as `@inbounds`
    * 0x01 << 1 = statement is marked as `@inline`
    * 0x01 << 2 = statement is marked as `@noinline`
    * 0x01 << 3 = statement is within a block that leads to `throw` call
    * 0x01 << 4 = statement may be removed if its result is unused, in particular it is thus be both pure and effect free
    * 0x01 << 5-6 = <unused>
    * 0x01 << 7 = <reserved> has out-of-band info
```

    Whether this is known to be a pure function of its arguments, without respect to the
    state of the method caches or other mutable global state.

`UInt8` settings:

>   * `constprop`

Reviewer: We also want to include the `purity` setting now here also (it can be added in another PR).

    Whether this is known to be a pure function of its arguments, without respect to the
    state of the method caches or other mutable global state.

`UInt8` settings:

  * `constprop`

    * 0 = use heuristic
    * 1 = aggressive
    * 2 = none

  * `purity`
    Constructed from 5 bit flags:

    * 0x01 << 0 = this method is guaranteed to return or terminate consistently (`:consistent`)
    * 0x01 << 1 = this method is free from externally semantically visible side effects (`:effect_free`)
    * 0x01 << 2 = this method is guaranteed to not throw an exception (`:nothrow`)
    * 0x01 << 3 = this method is guaranteed to terminate (`:terminates_globally`)
    * 0x01 << 4 = the syntactic control flow within this method is guaranteed to terminate (`:terminates_locally`)

>     See [Base.@assume_effects](@ref) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [`Base.@assume_effects`](@ref) for more details.
```

>     See [`Base.@assume_effects`](@ref) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the documentation of `Base.@assume_effects` for more details.
```

Somehow `Base.@assume_effects` can't be resolved from here.
